Object-Oriented Programming is a way of explaing something to a computer.
such as describing an apple(color,taste,size,etc..) or what is login.

Object-Oriented Programming is a flexible, powerfull paradigm where classes represent and define concepts,
while objects are instance of classes.

The "attributes(such as color and flavor for apple)" are the characterstictics associated to a type.
 
"Methods(cut into slices or eat an apple)" are the functions associated to a type.

Example: 

A file has attributes like Name,Date,Size, permissions, etc..

A typical file object focuses on file content.

"In object-oriented programming, concepts are modeled as classes and objects. 
An idea is defined using a class, and an instance of this class is called an object. 
Almost everything in Python is an object, including strings, lists, dictionaries, and numbers. 
When we create a list in Python, we’re creating an object which is an instance of the list class, which represents the concept of a list. 
Classes also have attributes and methods associated with them. 
Attributes are the characteristics of the class, while methods are functions that are part of the class."

Classes in Python:-
type(""):- Belongs to string class. 
.upper, .digit, etc are methods of string class.

dir(""):- is Example to get attributes and methods of string class
__add__, __ge__, are Examples of a method in string class.

help(""):- shows all the documentation for methods. Written between "[]" are optional.
"https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-crash-course/supplement/2YjP2/classes-and-objects-in-detail"

Defining New Classes:- In Python calss name starts with capitol letter  
Example:-

class Apple:
    pass (to show that body is empty)
class Apple:
    color = " " (Attributes)
    flavor = " " (Attributes)
jonagold = Apple() (We assigned apple() class to a variable)
jonagold.color = "red" (and updating attributes)
jonagold.flavor = "sweet" (updating attributes)

"Syntax used to accees the attributes is "Dot notation""

"Dot notation :- lets you accees any of the abilities the object might have(called methods) or information it might store(called attributes)"

print(jonagold.color) prints "red"
print(jonagold.flavor) prints "sweet"
print(jonagold.color.upper()) prints RED.

"We could create new instace of apple class with different attributes"

golden = Apple()
golden.color = "Yellow"
golden.flavor = "soft"

"Both jonagold and golden are instaces of the apple class. In this case they both have same attributes but different values"
